# Online-Pre-Ordering-System---Worldmart
Online Pre ordering system is a real time application project where the customer knows about the products before their sale such that the users prebook the required product before the actual release of the product in the online.
For this, customers has to register into the website or in the online to view the products and order them such that the stocks are prebooked. The customer has to type their name, address. Email id,username and password for the delivery of the product and for the newsfeed as well as for frquent updates regarding the release, price of the product.
On the date of release of a product, the user has to enter their username and password to view the status of the product’s release date.
If the user does not have the username and password then they have to register into the website. The information about the product are frequently updated untill the time of launch. The user can pre book ‘n’ number of products in online. This can be possible only through online. The users can either pay by credit/debit card or by the cash at the time of delivery. The users can themselves come to the shop if needed.
In this system, feedback is obtained from the user about the quality of product and the service. They can even subscribe in the website such that they will be updated with the latest news or information about all inds of products. In the pre ordering system, there can be any kind and any number of products in the website. In this mini project, the smartphones are kept at the sale. People can reach for help if needed.

